Simple Shell

Description
	The Simple Shell is a replication or a custom made unix-like shell.It is a command line for communicating in operating system.it is a medium for execution and management of process. It is a very simple and understandable.

Features
1.	Piping: This is donted with the sign "|", which is commonly called Piping in Unix-like environment.
2.	Customization: It allow shell users to be able to customize their environment variables.
3.	Redirection: It is used to redirect the output and input given in a program.
4.	Process Management: It serves as a medium to process and run programs.
5.	Buit-in command: This includes cd etc.
6.	Simple syntax: The syntax are similar to the Unix-like shell.
7.	Execution of commands: It is used to execute commands and process programs.
8.	Scripting:It allows the use of sequence of commnds from shell while applied to a program for customizations.

Getting started
Installation
1.	The repository is going to be cloned
2.	The required script should be installed

Usage
1.	The terminal is started
2.	The shell program should be run
3.	Add the built-in command on shell environment

Documentation
Features
1.      Piping: This is donted with the sign "|", which is commonly called Piping in Unix-like environment.
2.      Customization: It allow shell users to be able to customize their environment variables.
3.      Redirection: It is used to redirect the output and input given in a program.
4.      Process Management: It serves as a medium to process and run programs.
5.      Buit-in command: This includes cd etc.
6.      Simple syntax: The syntax are similar to the Unix-like shell.
7.      Execution of commands: It is used to execute commands and process programs.
8.      Scripting:It allows the use of sequence of commnds from shell while applied to a program for customizations.

Guide for configuration
1.	Starting environment variable
2.	Providing the necessary aliases
3.	Launch the required script

Contribution
This project was designed by Muhammed Olamilekan.
